"precisely."

"then you may entirely rely on me."

"that is excellent. i think, perhaps, it is almost time that i
prepare for the new role i have to play."

he disappeared into his bedroom and returned in a few minutes in
the character of an amiable and simple-minded nonconformist
clergyman. his broad black hat, his baggy trousers, his white
tie, his sympathetic smile, and general look of peering and
benevolent curiosity were such as mr. john hare alone could have
equalled. it was not merely that holmes changed his costume. his
expression, his manner, his very soul seemed to vary with every
fresh part that he assumed. the stage lost a fine actor, even as
science lost an acute reasoner, when he became a specialist in
crime.

it was a quarter past six when we left baker street, and it still
wanted ten minutes to the hour when we found ourselves in
serpentine avenue. it was already dusk, and the lamps were just
being lighted as we paced up and down in front of briony lodge,
waiting for the coming of its occupant. the house was just such
as i had pictured it from sherlock holmes' succinct description,
but the locality appeared to be less private than i expected. on
the contrary, for a small street in a quiet neighbourhood, it was
remarkably animated. there was a group of shabbily dressed men
smoking and laughing in a corner, a scissors-grinder with his
wheel, two guardsmen who were flirting with a nurse-girl, and
several well-dressed young men who were lounging up and down with
cigars in their mouths.

"you see," remarked holmes, as we paced to and fro in front of
the house, "this marriage rather simplifies matters. the
photograph becomes a double-edged weapon now. the chances are
that she would be as averse to its being seen by mr. godfrey
norton, as our client is to its coming to the eyes of his
princess. now the question is, where are we to find the
photograph?"

"where, indeed?"
